(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of
the Digi-Destined's
great adventure had begun.
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to face in their
fight against the
Great Catastrophe.
As the team looks for answers,
they continue to make
heartfelt connections
with the Digimon they
meet along the way.
Meanwhile, Matt and
Gabumon journeyed ahead,
following the path pointed
out by Matt's Digivice.
(owl hooting)
What kind of place is this
arrow trying to take us to?
And what are we supposed
to do after we get there?
-(mysterious music)
-(Gabumon groaning)
(fire roaring)
(mysterious music)
(Gabumon gasping)
Whoa. You okay?
Guess I was dreaming.
(owl hooting)
(mysterious music)
(ominous horn blowing)
(fire sizzling)
(mysterious music)
(suspenseful music)
Get down!
(grass rustling)
(suspenseful music)
(Zanbamon growling)
-(Gabumon gasping)
-(Matt gasping)
(suspenseful violin music)
(Grizzlymon growling)
Let's go!
(intense orchestra music)
Stay right there!
It's not safe, Strabimon!
What are you saying?
(Apemon yelling)
(Grizzlymon yelling)
Protect the others!
Grizzlymon.
Apemon.
(suspenseful music)
(Zanbamon growling)
(Garurumon growling)
[Garurumon] Howling Blaster!
(Matt gasping)
What just happened?
(intense orchestra music)
(Zanbamon growling)
[Strabimon] We're in luck.
It's almost dawn.
(suspenseful music)
(Zanbamon growling)
[Garurumon] Where did he go?
Did that really just happen?
Oh, it happened.
(birds chirping)
You made it back.
Everyone's gone, Mojyamon.
I'm only here
because I got lucky.
Hush now.
We're grateful when
anyone manages to survive.
If it wasn't for
Matt and Gabumon,
I wouldn't have.
I'm sure you're exhausted.
Try to get some rest.
We thank you, travelers.
You passing through?
Yeah.
You mind telling
us where we are?
It's our hideaway.
We're all that's left of the
many villages destroyed by that
behemoth you encountered.
And like the rest of us,
Strabimon lost his home, too.
(birds chirping)
[Izzy] Zanbamon?
Sounds frightening.
Every night, he
stalks the locals and
attacks them with
a deadly sword.
And as soon as the light comes,
he vanishes into thin air.
The villagers did
form defense teams
to fight him off, but their
numbers dropped even more.
'Cause no matter
how hard you try,
he's almost impossible
to take down.
My best moves were passing
straight through him.
[Matt] For now, the
remaining villagers hide
in a cave through the night.
The stronger ones stay up trying
to keep Zanbamon
busy until morning.
That's the most they can do.
I'll look into it and
get right back to you.
I appreciate the help, Izzy.
[Izzy] My pleasure.
So what'll your next move be?
We'll wait till it's dark.
Then we'll continue to
scope things out on our end.
Long as there are
folks here in need,
we have to lend a paw.
[Izzy] You stay safe, okay?
Will do.
(Matt sighing)
(wind howling)
(mysterious music)
(fire roaring)
Gabumon.
(Gabumon gasping)
Do you sense something?
[Gabumon] Nah.
Just the wind.
(wind howling)
[Strabimon] Please
don't do this, Mojyamon.
Enough.
I'm keeping watch tonight.
Everyone's care is
now in yours hands.
What if something happens to you
while you're out there?
[Matt] It's all right.
We'll handle it.
-(Mojyamon gasping)
-(Strabimon gasping)
You hang here while
we do the defending.
You're volunteering?
But are you sure?
We'll make sure
that Zanbamon stays
nice and far away.
Aren't either of you
worried about your lives?
You saw what he did!
Someone's gotta stand up to him.
I'll make that
monster run through
the entire forest before
he catches up to me.
-(Mojyamon gasping)
-(Strabimon gasping)
-(owl hooting)
-(intense orchestra music)
(ominous horn blowing)
(suspenseful orchestra music)
(Garurumon growling)
(metal banging)
Over there!
(upbeat rock music)
[Garurumon] Grab on!
(Zanbamon growling)
Now go!
(upbeat rock music)
[WereGarurumon] Wolf Claw!
(metal banging)
(upbeat rock music)
(Zanbamon growling)
[WereGarurumon] It's the same
as what happened last time!
My attacks have no effect!
Are you saying
Zanbamon's a ghost?
Unreal!
(WereGarurumon growling)
(Zanbamon growling)
[Tai] I've got ya, Matt!
[MetalGreymon] Giga Blaster!
(rockets exploding)
That was a close one!
We ran over as soon
as Izzy filled us in.
This guy's no joke.
(whistle blowing)
Hey. The two of you okay?
(Tai groaning)
(Agumon groaning)
(Matt groaning)
Where'd Zanbamon go?
Looks like he's gone.
For now, anyway.
But you're still here.
I can't believe all of you
lasted through the night.
[Tai] Yeah, barely.
(metal banging)
(WereGarurumon growling)
We were fighting for so long
and we almost had him.
Then the sun came up
and ruined it all!
Next thing we knew, he
was nothing but air.
So in the end, we
might as well have been
punching at shadows
through the night.
Big guy didn't have any problems
whaling on us, though.
How awful.
Is there no way to beat him?
(sad guitar music)
I've done some investigating
on our mysterious swordsman.
According to my research,
a long time ago,
a huge battle happened
in your region.
The records are a bit vague,
but based on the descriptions,
I'd say one of the
generals leading
the charge was
probably Zanbamon.
And the opposing army was led by
a sword-wielding knight.
That warrior was
covered in golden armor.
Golden armor.
Unusual.
After a final duel
between the two generals,
the sword fighter in gold one.
However, Zanbamon's
weapon remained intact
and continued to haunt
the battlegrounds
in the form of an evil curse.
So the golden sword fighter
decided to stay behind
and use his opponent's soul to
seal the curse away for good.
But at some point, it
must've broken free.
If we could find the place where
the curse was first sealed,
it might give us a clue about
how we can take out Zanbamon.
Keep an eye out
for a golden soul.
Seems straightforward.
(Strabimon sighing)
Tell them, Strabimon.
You happen to know
where we can find it?
I can take you.
Not that it makes a difference.
We could really use any leads
you could give us right now
or else more of
you might get hurt!
(Strabimon sighing)
Let's hurry!
We have to make our way
back before nightfall!
[Garurumon] There's
a canyon ahead.
Could that be it?
(mysterious horn music)
Well, here we are.
This is the site where
Zanbamon was sealed away.
In other words, the
first village to be
decimated in that
awful thing's wake.
This was once my home.
(sad violin music)
But after the seal was broken,
what happened to the soul of the
Digimon who tried
to stop the curse?
(sad flute music)
You're looking right at it.
That's what's left of
the golden warrior.
You mean his soul was in
the weapon he was using?
Well, the power
of the sword lost
and Zanbamon's perseverance won.
You understand now?
There's no way for us
to stop it anymore.
The wild curse won!
[Garurumon] I'm gonna stop it.
Do you even hear yourself?
What are you gonna do
with that piece of junk?
[Garurumon] Something
I saw in a dream.
You'll see!
Are you serious?
[Garurumon] You've
gotta trust me, Matt.
This weapon, I know it
was calling out for me!
[Matt] If that's what you want.
All right, then.
[Strabimon] You
can't be serious!
[Matt] Come on.
We better get going.
[Strabimon] But
aren't you afraid?
Fear doesn't matter.
Not once we've
made up our minds.
(intense orchestra music)
(ominous horn blowing)
(Zanbamon growling)
[MetalGreymon] Giga Storm!
(rockets exploding)
(intense orchestra music)
(wolf howling)
[Garurumon] Garurumon,
digivolve to!
(intense orchestra music)
(dog barking)
[WereGarurumon] WereGarurumon!
(Tai gasping)
Thanks for waiting up!
(Zanbamon growling)
(WereGarurumon yelling)
(metal banging)
-(sword shattering)
-(WereGarurumon yelling)
(crash)
(Zanbamon growling)
(WereGarurumon growling)
(Matt growling)
(suspenseful music)
Matt, no!
(Zanbamon growling)
(intense orchestra music)
-(Matt growling)
-(WereGarurumon growling)
(Zanbamon growling)
(WereGarurumon growling)
(Matt growling)
(singing in Japanese)
(Matt gasping)
-(Tai gasping)
-(MetalGreymon gasping)
WereGarurumon!
[WereGarurumon] On it!
(singing in Japanese)
I can feel the power!
(digivice beeping)
(singing in Japanese)
[WereGarurumon]
WereGarurumon digivolve to!
[CresGarurumon] CresGarurumon!
Whoa!
That's so awesome!
His armor.
It's gold!
(singing in Japanese)
(Zanbamon growling)
(metal scraping)
(Strabimon gasping)
(triumphant violin music)
You've given us
hope for the future,
and for that we thank you.
Now we've seen the
gold sword fighter
and witnessed its techniques
with our own eyes.
Glad you did,
though I don't remember much
of what happened myself.
You convinced me.
It's about trusting yourself
and pushing through your fear.
That's what the soul
of the golden warrior
was responding to.
How very insightful.
You know, it's time
we all got stronger.
We'll follow your example.
Just like the gold
sword fighter,
we'll unlock our inner warrior.
Wisemon said to follow
our crests, right?
If you ask me,
seems Matt and Gabumon
just found theirs.
Guess we'd better
not slack off, then.
Right?
(Agumon giggling)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] The
Digimon Encyclopedia.
CresGarurumon.
This Digimon digivolves
from MetalGarurumon.
He's a gold sword fighter who
wields the ice power of the
Yellow Beast Crescent Blade.
Let's check out more
facts about him.
CresGarurumon wears a
golden suit of armor
and fights with a
wide spin attack.
I told Tentomon that
it was extremely cool
and then Tentomon
suddenly started
to practice his own swings.
(victorious music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] It's a
parade of imposters!
Will Agumon be able to pick out
the real Tai among
so many fakers?
[Tai Voiceover] Next time:
"Contact from the Catastrophe."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.